# Notes | Fri, May 10

## Rebound

### Chapters

These are the timestamps copied from YouTube. 

00:00 - Introduction
01:07 - Start of nmap then checking SMB Shares
04:05 - Using NetExec to do a RID Brute Force and increase the maximum to 10000
07:00 - Using vim g!/{string}/d to delete all lines that do not contain something to build wordlists
10:40 - Using ASREP Roasting to perform a Kerberoast attack without authentication
17:40 - Using NetExec to run Bloodhound as ldap_monitor
25:30 - Discovering Oorend can add themself to the ServiceMgmt group, which can take over the WinRM Account
28:30 - Spraying the password of the ldap_monitor account to discover it shares oorend's password
34:20 - Showing BloodyAD to add Oorend to ServiceMGMT then abusing the GenericAll to Service Users, so we can reset WinRM_SVC's password
40:30 - Showing a more opsec friendly way to take over WINRM_SVC by abusing shadow credentials so we don't change the accounts password
50:00 - As WINRM_SVC we cannot run some commands like qwinsta or tasklist. Using RunasCS, to switch our login to a non-remote login which will let us run these commands
54:10 - Performing a Cross Session attack with Remote Potato to steal the NTLMv2 Hash of another user logged into the same box we are
59:20 - Using NetExec to read GMSA Passwords as TBRADY
1:04:00 - Using findDelagation.py to show constrained delegation from the GMSA delegator account
1:11:20 - Using RBCD.py to setup the Resource-Based Constrained Delegation so we can get a forwardable ticket to abuse delegators delegation and impersonate users
1:18:20 - Using our ticket that impersonates DC01 and performing secretsdump and then getting Adminsitrator's hash so we can login

Here is the prompt for getting GPT to transform it:

"The following is a list of time stamps from a youtube video found at https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oUIoH4yBT3k. Generate in markdown format, a table of contents with links to headings that correspond to each time stamp. under each heading, include a link to the respective time stamp. make sure the links in the contents section link to the headings below. the table of contents should link to the headings below. the links below the headings will link to the time in the video"

Make sure to include the contents from YouTube.

## Hackthebox VPN

- From the console, click "CONNECT TO HTB"
- Download the VPN config
- From the terminal, make sure `openvpn` is installed.

### Install openvpn on WSL/Ubuntu
```bash
sudo apt-get install openvpn
```

- Copy the ovpn config file from downloads to the WSL/Ubuntu filesystem.
> NOTE: The above step is technically not necessary I just like to treat my WSL environment as much like it's own machine as I can get away with.
- 

```bash
openvpn lab_cheshirewight.ovpn
```

```
Options error: Unrecognized option or missing or extra parameter(s) in lab_cheshirewight.ovpn:12: data-ciphers-fallback (2.4.12)
```

### Update and Upgrade Repositories

```bash
sudo apt-get update
```

```
Fetched 17.6 MB in 6s (2987 kB/s)
Reading package lists... Done
N: Repository 'http://repo.radeon.com/rocm/apt/debian focal InRelease' changed its 'Version' value from '6.0' to '6.1'
W: An error occurred during the signature verification. The repository is not updated and the previous index files will be used. GPG error: https://cli-assets.heroku.com/channels/stable/apt ./ InRelease: The following signatures couldn't be verified because the public key is not available: NO_PUBKEY 868C56076B935C6E
W: Failed to fetch https://cli-assets.heroku.com/channels/stable/apt/./InRelease  The following signatures couldn't be verified because the public key is not available: NO_PUBKEY 868C56076B935C6E
W: Some index files failed to download. They have been ignored, or old ones used instead.
```

### Get the Key Data

```bash
curl -s https://cli-assets.heroku.com/apt/release.key | sudo apt-key add -
```

```
gpg: no valid OpenPGP data found.
```



### Remove Heroku. I don't even need it.

```bash
sudo apt-get remove heroku
sudo rm /etc/apt/sources.list.d/heroku.list
sudo apt-get update
```

### Upgrade Openvpn
```bash
sudo apt-get upgrade openvpn
```

